improve Antiforgery docs (#36446)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/security/anti-request-forgery.md

The antiforgery token is only validated if:

* The endpoint contains metadata implementing <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Antiforgery.IAntiforgeryMetadata> where `RequiresValidation=true`.
* The HTTP method associated with the endpoint is a relevant [HTTP method](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTTP/Methods) of type POST, PUT and PATCH.
* The request is associated with a valid endpoint.

> Antiforgery middleware itself doesn't short-circuit the request pipeline, endpoint code always runs, even if token validation fails. To observe the outcome of the token validation, resolve the <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Antiforgery.IAntiforgeryValidationFeature> from `HttpContext.Features` and inspect its <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Antiforgery.IAntiforgeryValidationFeature.IsValid%2A> property or the <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Antiforgery.IAntiforgeryValidationFeature.Exception%2A> property for failure details. This approach is useful when endpoints need custom handling for failed antiforgery validation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Antiforgery Middleware doesn't short-circuit the request pipeline. Endpoint code always runs, even if token validation fails. To observe the outcome of the token validation, resolve the <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Antiforgery.IAntiforgeryValidationFeature> from <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.HttpContext.Features%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> and inspect its <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Antiforgery.IAntiforgeryValidationFeature.IsValid%2A> property or the <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Antiforgery.IAntiforgeryValidationFeature.Exception%2A> property for failure details. This approach is useful when endpoints require custom handling for failed antiforgery validation.
```

***Note:*** When enabled manually, the antiforgery middleware must run after the authentication and authorization middleware to prevent reading form data when the user is unauthenticated.

> By default, minimal APIs that accept form data require antiforgery token validation. By default requests that accept form data will fail if Antiforgery validation was not successful.

Author: thanks @guardrex ! Applied your suggestions
